Time to button up some more things, but on top of that, we're going to build one more thing.
So if we go home and we load the original meals to go up, where we can see here on the authentications
screen is what looks like a watermelon from Lordi animation.
So we're going to import a custom animation here.
And before we do that, we're going to do a little bit of cleanup and then we're going to go look at
how we do this.
Well, the one thing we noticed in our app that is kind of breaking the user experience, so to speak,
is we don't have a background color set.
So what we want to do here is we want to set quickly a background color to our safe area of you.
So let's take in props and let's say props, that theme, the colors that.
Primary.
And let's go see, this may not be the correct one, the color white is UI dot.
Big primary colors, that big primary, and this will set the background color of the safe area for
you to white so that everything looks uniform a little and it goes a long way.
OK, so now if we log out, what we can see here is that once our background screen losen, don't worry,
once we build a production, build it, it will go faster, it will load faster.
This is because it's a development built currently.
Now what we can see here is no watermelon.
Well that's because we need something called.
And so if we look up Lordi react native.
What we're going to see here and we look that up, for example, if we look up Laddy and XPO documentation,
what we can see is XPO includes support for Lordi, the animation library from Airbnb.
And so what we need to do here is install Lordi Riak native.
But before we do that, let's look at what Lordi is.
Lordi is a easly ad high quality animation to any native app.
So it's an animation library that basically Airbnb built for iOS Android, Riak native to render after
effects animations and allow the app to use the animations easily.
So any any time you create anything an after effects, you can basically utilize that and utilize that
effect in your Riak native Android and iOS.
And so we want to quickly show you how you can integrate that in your app fairly easily.
So first off, we're going to XPO install Lordi react native.
And let's go over here to our command line.
And once we do that, what we can do is open up a new one.
And we can.
Render out or we can run the X, will install Lordi, react native Kamat, and so that's going to start
installing Lordi Riak native, which is what we need in order to build our Lordi view.
OK, now that we're doing that well Mo, what is Lawdy REAC native going to look like?
Well, if we go look at Lawdy React native, what we can see is that there is a GitHub page for Lawdy
React Native that is basically going to allow us to understand how to integrate this properly.
Lawdy is a component for Riak native iOS and Android.
It's a mobile library that parses after Adobe after effects animations exported to Jason and renders
them natively on the mobile.
Now we've already gone through the Expo installation, but basically what we want to look at here is
they have some examples down here.
Some examples of things you can render and over here, you can see here is our little kind of animation
of a watermelon that we want to take and utilize and see how we integrate it.
So if we go to example and we go to this, we go to example and we go to jazz and then we kind of look
at the animations, we can see here that there's a watermelon, Jason and this watermelon Laugesen is
the thing that we want to copy from Lawdy React Native.
If we go over to our assets folder and we say Watermelon Dodgson, and we quickly add that in.
What we'll be able to do here is once we reload, we'll have our watermelon, Jason.
And once it's done, installing Lordi react native and we we run our app again, what we can do is we
can start integrating that particular Lordi feature.
Now, let me show you how to do that.
What we need to do is we need to go over here to our login screen and once we're on our login screen,
what we need to basically pull in is the law review from Lordi react Netiv.
Actually, we need to be on our account screen, not our login screen.
We could we could add the watermelon to the login screen, but we want it to be the first animation
you see when you come in.
So and we don't want to subsequently show it everywhere.
So what we want to import is lawdy view from Lordi react native you.
And then what we're going to do is we're going to put in a Lordi view right above meals to go.
And that law review is going to have the key animation.
We're going to put it on auto play.
We're going to put on loop, we're going to put the resize to cover and we're going to give it watermelon
that JSON.
And once we do that, what we're going to see here is that, huh?
It through an exemption, trying to identify a read only property.
So let's just see and make sure that our assets are being imported correctly.
And so they are.
And so if we reload here, let's just make sure up there it is.
There is our watermelon.
It's a bit big, isn't it?
It's a bit big, but it looks great.
And so what we want to do here is we basically want to wrap it in something called an animation wrapper.
And this is something we're going to create in our account styles or we can create it locally.
I feel like we should create it locally, since it's something that's only going to live in this file
and we basically need it for this particular file only.
So let's go ahead and take this animation wrapper and we need to close the tag like this, obviously.
Once we grab that, what we can do is we can define const.
Animation rapper is equal to styled thought of you and then we'll go ahead and, well, maybe we should
maybe we should put it inside of the styled components because we already have styles defined there.
So it's best to bundle everything together.
Let's do export consed animation.
Rahbar view equals style dot view and then let's go ahead and determine what styles this needs.
So if we look at this from the perspective of how it's going to run there on the screen, we'll obviously
we want it to have a width of one hundred percent because we want it to fill the screen, but we don't
necessarily want the height to be all that crazy.
So let's give that a 40 percentile.
And then let's say that the position should be absolute because we don't want it to take into account
flex positioning, we just want to render it on a specific portion of the screen.
And then we'll say top 30 pixels.
And we'll say padding and we'll say prop spacing, too.
We'll take this over here, we'll put that up there and then let's see what happens.
Oh, that looks perfect.
That is so ideal.
Look at where it's positioned.
Absolutely amazing.
And it was that simple to integrate a whole effect into our login screen.
No effort at all.
We just had to install a library.
OK, granted, creating the after effects effect is something that may require some effort.
But there are places on the Internet where you can pull after effects effects in JSON file and as long
as you have those after effects, you can just take those.
You can dump those inside of a law review as as a JSON file.
And they will render on the screen.
They will render out.
And doesn't this look amazing?
Doesn't it just add a certain wow factor to our app?
It's absolutely amazing.
And it was that simple.